in the shallow waters off the
coast of the Falkland Islands
a southern sea life searches for
his next movie
just as a group of Gentoo
Penguins
fresh from the hunt themselves
are making their way back to
their nests
normal southern sea lines prefer
pray like fish and squid
similar to the gym to use but
these waters
the hunter becomes behind the C
Line sets his sights
on one unlucky bird he follows
in hot pursuit
as the penguin flaps for sure
the pain would make said
with the sea lion hot on his
trail sea lions and bears
share a common ancestor which is
evidence this fleet footed
in a bit galloped across way
pursuit of the Penguins
a southern sea lion male known
as a ball
can grow to be over eight feet
long and weigh as much as 750
pounds
though they usually five in the
water they are more than capable
of pursuing prey on land routine
speeds of up to
20 miles per hour and while the
pain what makes a valiant
attempt to escape
it proves no match for the
Giants Eli
after killing the bird the sea
lion returns to the water
to need is me
giant petrels
are scavenging sea birds known
for their lover carry a
cast-offs they show up in droves
to take advantage of the sea
lions
less than paid able while the
pain when met undignified am
for the sea lion and petrels
this high
has been a great success